What the flip did you just flipping say about me, you little butt? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Bad People, and I have over 300 confirmed hugs. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the flip out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my flipping words. You think you can get away with saying that stuff to me over the Internet? Think again, fliper. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, poopy head. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're flipping dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can hug you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed hugging, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable booty off the face of the continent, you little doo doo head. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your flipping tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you gosh darn joker. I will poop fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're flipping dead, kiddo. 

Sonic: You can’t catch me! I am the fastest thing alive!
Shadow: Hmph. I was thinking about why so many in the radical left participate in “speedrunning.”
Sonic: huh?
Shadow: The reason is the left's lack of work ethic…
Sonic: What?
Shadow: (‘go fast’ rather than ‘do it right’) and, in a Petersonian sense…
Sonic: Petersonian?
Shadow: to elevate alternative sexual archetypes in the marketplace (‘fastest hedgehog’)…
Sonic: Shadow, what are you talking about?!
Shadow: You’re a beta male Sonic.
